feat(aad): add a data source to get unblock record (#6874)
huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud: docs/data-sources/aad_unblock_record.md

---
subcategory: "Advanced Anti-DDoS"
layout: "huaweicloud"

> page_title: "HuaweiCloud: huaweicloud_aad_unblock_record"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
page_title: "HuaweiCloud: huaweicloud_aad_unblock_records"

```

description: |-

>   Use this data source to get the list of Advanced Anti-DDos unblock records within HuaweiCloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Use this data source to get the list of AAD unblock records within HuaweiCloud.

```

---

> # huaweicloud_aad_unblock_record

Reviewer: ditto

> Use this data source to get the list of Advanced Anti-DDos unblock records within HuaweiCloud.

Reviewer: ditto

* `start_time` - (Required, Int) Specified the start time of unblock record.

* `end_time` - (Required, Int) Specified the end time of unblock record.

## Attribute Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The data source ID.

* `unblock_record` - The unblock record.
  The [unblock_record](#unblock_record_struct) structure is documented below.

* `total` - The total number of unblock records.

<a name="unblock_record_struct"></a>
The `unblock_record` block supports:

* `ip` - The IP address.

* `executor` - The executor.

* `block_id` - The block id.

* `blocking_time` - The blocking time, the value is a timestamp.

* `unblocking_time` - The unblocking time, the value is a timestamp.

* `unblock_type` - The unblock type. The valid values are as follows:
  + **manual**: Indicates manual unblock.
  + **automatic**: Indicates automatic unblock.

* `status` - The unblock status. The valid values are as follows:
  + **unblocking**: Indicates unblocking status.
  + **success**: Indicates successful status.
  + **failed**: Indicates failed status.

* `sort_time` - The sort time, the value is a timestamp.

> 

Reviewer: Delete unnecessary blank lines
